aachen adalbero adalbert adalbold adaldag adela adelheid aeddila 
aethelred aethelstan agapitus agius alberada albrecht alcuin aleman 
alsleben amelung amulrada andernach anselm ansfried aquilea aribo arn 
arneburg arnolf arnulf arpads ascania asselburg athelstan augsburg azela 
babenberg bacco balderich baldwin ballenstedt bamberg bardowick bavaria 
belecke berengar bernhard berthild berthold bibra billing billung birten 
blankenburg bohemia boleslas borghorst bote brandenburg bremen brun 
brunicho bruning brunshausen burchard burckhard burgscheidungen burkhard 
b"oddekken b"orde cambrai capetia carinthia carolingia cathwulf 
charlemagne chazar christina chrobry chutizi coledizi conrad constance 
daleminz dedi derlingau dietrich dodicho dornburg dortmund drogo 
dr"ubeck dyle eberhard edgar edith eila eilenburg einhard einsiedeln 
eisdorf ekbert ekkard ekkehard ekkehart elbe elten emma emmerem engern 
erfurt erich ermintrude ernst erwin eschwege esico essen ezzo fischbeck 
folcmar francia frankfurt fraxinetum freckenhorst frederick friderun 
frohse fulda gandersheim gebhard genbloux gerberga gerbstedt gernrode 
gero gesecke giebichenstein gisela giselbert giselher godehard godesti 
godila grone gross guntram gunzelin gutenswegen g"uther hadwig hainault 
halberstadt haldensleben hamburg harzburg hatheburg hathui hathumoda hed 
heeslingen heiningen helmarshausen helmburg helmern herford heribert 
herman hermann hersfeld hessengau hessi hezilo hildesheim hildiward 
hillersleben hilwartshausen hincmar hlawitschka hodo hohenaltheim 
hohenstaufen hrotsvitha ida ifriqiya ilsenburg imma immeding ingelheim 
ippo irmgard isingrim jonas judith kalbe karl karlmann katlenburg 
kaufungen kemnade kern kiev kinugunde koledizi kunigunde k"onigslutter 
laar lammspringe lampert lappenberg lech lenzen liudgard liudger liudolf 
liudolfing liutbert liutbirg liuthar liutizi lothar lotharingia 
luidprand luitpolding lusatia lutter l"uneburg magdeburg magyar mainz 
malacin marcswith marienthal mathilda maximin mecklenburg meginzo meibom 
meinwerk meissen memleben merseburg meschede metelen miesco mistui 
monreburg morawia mulde m"ollenbeck m"unster nadda neletice neuenheerse 
niederaltaich nienburg nordgau nordgermersleben nordhausen 
nordth"uringau northein nottuln obotria obotris oda odilo ohre 
oldenstadt olvenstedt osnabr"uck otto ottonia outremer paderborn passau 
pf"afer pf"afers pippin pl"otzkau pomarius poppo pr"um p"olde 
quedlinburg querfurt radbod ragenold ratold ravenna recknitz reepsholt 
regensburg reichenau reinhard reinhilde remi rheinfelden ricbert ricdag 
richenza richer rohr rothgard rottmersleben rudolf ruodlieb ruotger saal 
saalfeld salia salz salzburg sandersleben santersleben scapendal 
schakensleben schaumburg schildesche schwabengau schweinfurt sch"oningen 
sclavain sclavania selz serimunt shilluk siegfried sigebert sigebodo 
sophia stade stavelot steterburg st"otterlingenburg suabia suitger 
s"upplingenburg s"upplingenburger tagino tegernsee thangmar theodora 
theophanu thietmar thionville thuringia tribur tundersleben udalrich udo 
utrecht verden viking vitzenberg vreden walbeck walsrode walthard 
warburg wazo welf wendhausen wergild werla werner westfalia wetter 
wettin wettins wicfried wichmann widerad wimmelburg wipo wolfhere 
wolmirstedt wulfhard w"urzburg zeitz zeven zwentibold "odingen
